So what should we do with the user after they create a ticket?
Well, I think we don't have to really overthink this.
Let's say that after a user successfully creates a new ticket on our ticket creation form, let's just
redirect them back to the list of all tickets.
So in other words, send them back to the root.
Root.
We could definitely also send them to the ticket detail page if we wanted to.
But again, let's just keep it really simple and straightforward.
We'll send them back to the root root of our application.
So to do so, we really want to run some programmatic or automatic navigation on the user.
We want to redirect them forcibly over to another page.
We've already done that once before.
I think on our sign out route or the sign up page inside of our client project.
So if we take a look at sign out, you might recall that we can import router from next router.
And then if we ever want to forcibly navigate a user around, we will call router, push and provide
the new route that we want to navigate them to.
Well, simple enough.
So inside of our new ticket component at the very top.
I will import router from next router.
Then inside of on success.
I don't really need that ticket argument anymore so I will delete it and replace the console.
Log with router.
Push forward.
Slash.
Let's save this.
I'm going to try to create another ticket really quickly.
They'll say about redirect ticket.
With a price of 50.
Submit it.
And there we go.
I get redirected.
Simple enough.
Well, as long as we are here, let's get started working on this route.
Route?
So remember I had said that we really want to show a list of all the tickets that are available right
now.
So this really means that inside of our landing page component, we need to add in some data fetching
to our get initial props function because this list of all tickets is some data that is required when
we first display this component to the user.
So inside of that landing pages get initial press function.
We're going to add in a request to our ticket service to fetch all the different tickets that a user
can purchase.
I'm going to find that index file.
So here's our landing page.
I'm going to find the get initial prop function.
And you might recall something we just discussed a couple of days ago.
This function now has access to the client, which we are using to make requests during the initial
rendering process.
I'm going to remove that return empty object right there, and I'm going to replace it with a little
bit of code, as you guess, to just fetch our list of tickets.
We're going to say.
Data is a weight client docket API tickets.
Remember that whenever we make use of Axios to fetch some data, which is what this client really is
right here we get back a big rez or response object on the actual data that we care about is nested
on the data property.
So that's why we are doing the structuring.
After that, I'm then going to return an object with a key of tickets, and it will refer to that data.
Now, this object right here, everything inside of here is going to be merged into the props that are
being passed to the landing page.
So because this object has a key of tickets, we can now receive that prop as tickets inside of the
actual component.
And so tickets should be an array of all the tickets that we just fetched from our API.
Just to test that out inside the landing page component, let's do a console log of tickets.
I'll save that flip back over.
And now if you just flip back over, you might see immediately a console.log of undefined.
But remember sometimes when next is doing it reloads here.
Doesn't quite work the way you would expect.
So we're going to reload the page.
And then you should see a console log right here of all the tickets we have created.
If you do not, you will probably see them back inside of your terminal in the window that is running
your scaffold stuff.
So that console.log would probably have been executed on the server side.
And you should see the list of all the tickets over there.
Alternatively, you can always click on that logo which will force a reload of this component and we
should see the array of tickets right there as well.
Okay.
Well, we've got our tickets now.
We just need to render them out as a list.
We actually show these tickets.
We're going to render them actually as a table, pretty much a list.
So if right now, this table is just really going to have the title and the price of each individual
ticket, and we'll eventually add in a couple of columns to it over time.
So inside of landing page, I'm going to remove everything inside of the component right now.
And I'm going to replace it.
With some x to display a table.
I'm going to first put in a div.
With an H1 of tickets.
Then I'll put in my table with the class name of table.
I'm going to give the table a head or a t head.
Inside the t head will put in a tr.
And then we will give this thing two separate columns right now.
A tidal column.
And a price column.
Now do double check.
Make sure you've got table t, head t, r, t t and then all the appropriate closing tags.
Then right after the HT head, I'm going to put in a PT body.
And we definitely could right in a loop right here inside the body to loop over all of our different
tickets and build a little row for each one.
But just to keep this big block of X right here a little bit easier to read, I'm going to instead create
a little helper variable up here at the top where I will loop over my array of tickets and build up
a separate row for each ticket.
So above our return statement.
I'm going to add in ticket list.
This will be the result of mapping over our list of tickets.
And for each ticket, I'm going to return.
A TR.
Whenever we build up a array of different elements, keep in mind that React wants us to provide a key
property.
So on the TR itself, I'm going to put on a key prop, and for the key I will provide the ID of the
ticket.
Then inside the TR will place one TD.
To print out the tickets title.
And a second one.
For the tickets price.
And then finally, I'm going to show ticket list.
Down inside of my body.
All right.
So a lot of jokes here.
Do double check.
Make sure you don't have any typos or anything like that.
Once you're sure everything is good to go, we'll save this file.
Look back over and we should see our list of tickets.
Again, if you don't see this appear right away, you can always refresh the page and hopefully you'll
then see it appear.
Let's say that this is good progress forward.
So now we're going to take a quick pause right here naturally.
And after that, we're going to make sure that we create some page to show details about a specific
ticket.
And that's really going to look something like.
This right here.
So it will be pretty simple and straightforward in nature.
We're going to make sure we show the title The Price, maybe a status, who knows, and then a button
to actually purchase the ticket.
So a quick pause here.
Get started on that next page in just a moment.